we need to talk all right so here's the
deal I've been thinking about this for a
long time it's yes it's stunning
stunningly beautiful outside today so
definitely making the outside video my
family and i were trying to decide what
we want out of our lives all we want out
of our future and you know maybe its
first world problems but we're kind of
having trouble narrowing that down and
we lay out all of these pros and cons
and we think we have an idea but part of
the thing is I guess my biggest
motivator is no matter what we decide
this goes for our business that goes
from my career this goes for my wife's
career or our family or our kids and
their education like everything
everything I want to make sure that we
are running toward something we want and
not just running away from something we
don't want here's what I mean early on
in my business I started my resilience
jujitsu company okay kimonos because I
was running away from teaching I thought
there's no way I can do this the rest of
my life I you know I just there's no way
there's no way I can do this and I
started a company and I was sold this
entrepreneurial dream of life screw the
925 online entrepreneurship bubble of a
lie is it's mostly garbage from people
trying to get you to buy into their
community or pay for their course that
teaches you how to do it and most people
don't because it's nonsense you don't
need to quit your day job it's fine so
anyway so I started my business and I
ended up building a business that wasn't
even going to get me where I wanted to
go because I was so concerned with
running away from my day job that I
didn't look where I was going kind of
like a rhinoceros you know a group of
rhinoceros are called a crash of rhinos
fun fact of the day right because they
can run super fast but can't see super
far ahead of themselves makes really
dangerous hence crash
so I was setting myself up for a crash
because like a terrible be level horror
movie I was so busy looking behind me
what I was running away from but I
wasn't actually looking where I was
going I was so busy worrying about being
pushed away from something I didn't like
that I didn't actually build a business
based on something that was pulling
something that I lost sleep over
something that I couldn't live without
doing and I'm not saying my business
that I have now is like that right I
built a business that was an actual
business not a passion project I think
chasing your passion is like the worst
advice you can give somebody because
when you turn your passion into work
it's not that fun anymore you end up
ruining your passion is that what you
jitsu horrible idea but now every
decision I make I'm not worrying about
what's behind me I'm only a little and i
think the benefit of that is that I want
to be pulled forward by something if I
move I don't want to be moving away from
the area that I live I want to be moving
toward I want to be moving to an area
that I couldn't imagine not living there
if I build another business I want it to
be because I can't go to sleep without
thinking about that if I put my kids
into a school I wanted to be because I
absolutely love that school now because
I'm running away from something else so
no matter what kind of business your
building or what decisions you're making
your life definitely always keep in mind
that you want to be pulled towards
something keep your eyes straight ahead
be attracted to something don't be
fleeing something else I've been Brendan
hufford don't forget to work hard be
nice people don't get too lost trying to
create something that matters